# portfolio

### Crossy Elm
This is the final project I made for my first programming course.  The game is inspired by Crossy Road, but takes place at Yale.  I worked on this project in a 3 person group, and most of my work was focused in designed the background, movement of the cars, and detection of when the car and the person had the same coordinates.

### ENAS 118 Videos
These videos are part of the final project I did for an overarching engineering course.  This project was to create a product that would make it easier for the Peabody Museum to explain the formation of crystals to elementary school students.  My group created a 4 sided prism that when placed on top of a tv screen reflected an image on each side.  These reflected images make it appear as though a 3D image is hovering above the screen.  My main focus on this project was to create the video for the formation of Quartz and to be the liason between the Peabody Museum and my team.  Here are the 4 videos I made to create each view of the crystal forming.  I taught myself how to use Blender, and made the videos using this 3D modeling software.  The other four members on my group created videos for two other crystals and built the apparatus used to display these videos.  The video of the apparatus is a video that one of teammates made.

### CodeSail Work
All of my work from CodeSail (8-week intensive programming and entrepreneurship program) is in my repos titled CodeSail, midterm_exercise, or Travel_App.  The CodeSail repo has all of the small projects I worked on in class to practice the skills that we learned.  The midterm_exercise repo contains all of the files used for my midterm project which is a workout application that generates exercise circuits.  I mainly worked on backend for that.  The Travel_App repo has all of the files used for my final project which is a work in progress as it has shifted from project to startup.  For that project I set up the application review process and workflow, customer interviews and redefining customer segments, did backend on the instructors activities and stories pages, made a filter for activities, made a schedule form for all activities. I also got some experience with front end work on this project. 
